who decided to wake us up today money
lily and that the head you two sleeping
together good morning and happy Father's
Day to all the fathers my father is
currently has goggles on he's in the
ocean diving for shells here are all the
shows he's found so far and my mom's
very concerned that Kevin's gonna get
sunburned hard time over she's telling
me like Casper just really insulting
thing Kevin's learning about sea turtle
nests really good bruisers I'll show you
okay so right here right here we have a
sea turtle nest roped off just so nobody
steps on it an accident
back I don't understand though if
they're buried you can still squish him
they disrupt it only just really
and we were saying you get in big
trouble you can get arrested if you
tamper with it what if there's a slip-up
Kevin's changing on the beach I told it
I told him to wear it but he did not
believe me now he's gotta change him to
the towel I didn't think I was going in
I thought it's way too early
you
my mom made some delicious chili for
lunch I'll show you the pot like that
throw the shells left it on the beach we
had our vegan sour cream and our real
sour cream leather sriracha
you
for father's day I decided to match my
dad's outfit exactly and we're gonna go
see what's the name of movie were seeing
spy I spy it felt like seeing a comedy
and it's hard these days to all agree on
a movie we agree on my side across did
you guys notice mean dead room matching
yeah he knows he can I kind of us your
colorful yellow are possible any more
serious colors you guys are eminent all
right just get out of the movie pretty
hilarious yeah it's actually way funnier
yeah I don't have like we were just
saying we don't like Tommy's have come
out the past couple of years like we
don't really like them ever that was
pretty funny but I like Jason Statham
Jesus see if it was really funny this is
steven oh now we're gonna go get a pizza
and bring home to end their fathers day
and I'm walking really funny because I
am so sore from that eight miles I
walked with my mom I can't believe it
like my boy in my chest I bet Louise
went home today are you going back to
your family my sweetheart by my boy we
are hoping in the future we're leaving
the future everybody's playing destiny
I'm getting ready for drunk gaming and
Alex like calves are you boy did she
brought me tougher and then you'd
understand these video game thing oh I'm
a senior action
Oh
what does it all I feel like you typical
alright we were back home very late I
have a feeling of all your short and we
are very tired we just got done
finishing finish we just got done
filming drunk gaming it was really fun
I'm horrible at video games but this one
was kind of more simple and I actually
had a lot of fun playing it you don't
even remember the name he was closing
like sports friends or something like
that but it should be a really fun
episode i'll link you to it once Ali's
finished with the video and i think i'm
going to film a video from my channel
with her as well once i come up with an
idea so if you guys have any suggestions
I have a few ideas already that I want
to do but if there's something you
really want to see Ali and I do on my
channel let me know but for now I'm
going to go to sleep I hope you guys
have an awesome morning afternoon night
wherever you are in the whole world we
will see you tomorrow in Florida
Oh